virt-install, virt-sparsify: add page (#4333)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/virt-install.md

# virt-install

> > libvirt utility to create new virtual machine and run installation.
> > Home page: <https://virt-manager.org/>.

Reviewer: I think the linting error is here. I can certainly see why a lowercase letter would be preferred here though. What about this instead?
```suggestion
> Create new virtual machines with libvirt, installing the operating system automatically.
> More information: <https://virt-manager.org/>.
```

Author: Well, that is a good fix for linter. But I have a couple of comments:
- Utility does not actually _intall_ OS, it only boots an image, that is the point.
- Home page actually does not provide a lot of information, while [redhat.com page](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/6/html/virtualization_host_configuration_and_guest_installation_guide/sect-virtualization_host_configuration_and_guest_installation_guide-guest_installation-creating_guests_with_virt_install) does, but I am not sure it is an appropriate link.

> - Create a virtual machine with 1G RAM and 12G storage and run Debian installation:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Create a virtual machine with 1 GiB RAM and 12 GiB storage and install Debian:
```

Author: And about installer starting again.

> `virt-install --memory {{1024}} --disk path={{~/image.qcow2}},size={{12}} --cdrom {{/path/to/file/debian.iso}}`

Reviewer: Very minor thing really - just for consistency with other pages :-)
```suggestion
`virt-install --memory {{1024}} --disk path={{path/to/image.qcow2}},size={{12}} --cdrom {{path/to/file/debian.iso}}`
```

Author: I was afraid of long-long line, but I am fully agreed if you find it OK. And an absolute path came from [qemu-img](../blob/master/pages/common/qemu-img.md) page.
